[MRG] Adding metrics to compare stcs (#6233)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/whats_new.rst

Changelog
~~~~~~~~~

> - Add :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.cosine_score`, :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.roc_auc_score`, :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.region_localization_error`, :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.f1_score`, :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.precision_score`, :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.recall_score`, :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.peak_position_error` and :func:`mne.simulation.metrics.spacial_deviation_error` to compute metrics between source estimates, by `Kostiantyn Maksymenko`_ and `Alex Gramfort`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add eight new source estimate comparison metrics to submodule :mod:`mne.simulation.metrics` by `Kostiantyn Maksymenko`_ and `Alex Gramfort`_
```
